Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Listen. tommaso.
do we really need to fish near the island?
- Eh. you worry too much.
- I don't know.
What if the old stories are true?
Tommaso: Oh. come on. giacomo.
You really believe in sea monsters?
Too many strange things have
been seen in these waters.
They're all just stories.
Tall tales to keep us away
from a great fishing spot.
Giacomo: But. tommaso...
We're fine.
Ah. that's more like it.
What is that?
You missed. Let's go.
before it comes back for us.
Giacomo: I told you they were real.
Tommaso: Oh. what a monster!
Horrifying!
Fish out of the barn!
No. no. no!
Mom's gonna kill me!
“Wait!
Whoa!
Oh. good morning. Mr. branzino.
And also. I'm sorry.
Well. how's Mrs. branzino?
Hi. Luca.
Excuse me. ma'am. Have you...
Yes.
Giuseppe. get back here!
You want to run off like
your buddy enrico?
Because I've got news for you.
He's either dead. or he's
out there. Somewhere. Seeing the world.
But he's probably dead.
Phew. Okay. that's everyone.
Monalisa. why are you smiling?
Anyone else in there?
Giuseppe.
What did we just talk about?
Oh. giuseppe.
All right. Let's head out.
- Hello.
- Good morning.
- Luca: Hi. Mrs. aragosta.
- Hey. Luca!
Luca: Good morning!
Sea farmer: Morning!
Okay. All clear.
Let me know if you need anything.
Anyone?
No? Okay.
Giuseppe...
Oh.
Huh?
Land monsters! Everybody. under the rock!
Daniela: Luca!
Lunch is ready!
Be right there!
Come on! We gotta get back.
Daniela: You're two minutes late.
- Was there a boat? Huh?
- Luca: Uh...
- Did you hide?
- Yes. mom.
Because if they catch
even a glimpse of you...
You think they come around
to meet new friends. huh?
- No.
- Make small talk.
- I... I don't.
- No.
- They're here to do murders.
- Uh-huh.
So. I'm just making sure you know.
Thanks. mom.
When I was a kid.
we'd go weeks without seeing a boat.
and let me tell you.
they did not have motors.
Just a sweaty land monster with a paddle.
- Hi. grandma. Mwah.
- Hey. bubble.
- Hi. dad.
- Lucal
look at pinchy-pessa. She's molting.
Oh. it's magnificent.
Now. here's a champion
show crab if I ever saw one.
- Onh. nice.
- Whoa. whoa. whoa!
- Don't look her in the eye!
- Sorry.
But don't apologize.
She can sense weakness.
_oh!
Come eat. Luca. Come on.
We better beat those branzinos
at the crab show this year.
Everyone thinks Bianca branzino's so great
with her prize-winning crabs
and amazing dolphin impression. Please!
Anyone can do that.
Right?
I don't know why dolphins
even sound like that.
You know. why don't they just talk?
- Luca.
- Huh?
Grandma paguro: What's on your mind?
Uh... uh... well. I was just wondering...
Where do boats come from?
The land monster town.
Just above the surface.
I beat a guy at cards there once.
Mom! What are you doing?
He's old enough to hear about it.
You've been to the surface
and done the change?
No! No! The end! Shut it down!
I was just curious.
Yeah? Well. the curious fish gets caught.
We do not talk. think.
discuss. contemplate.
or go anywhere near the surface! Got it?
Yes. mom.
Here. Now let's get back to work.
Hey.
Look me in the eye.
You know I love you. right?
I know. mom.
We're a little worried about him. right?
No. thanks! I'm full.
Huh?
Hmm.
Whoa.
Voice: Boo.
Luca: Huh?
It's fine. I'm not human.
Oh! Thank goodness.
Here. hold this.
Uh... do you live around here?
Down here? No. no. no.
I just came for my stuff.
Ooh.
Uh. hey! Wait. that's mine!
Sir? You forgot your harpoon and...
Oh. yeah. Thanks!
Luca: What? What are you doing?
No. no!
Ahh! Oh. no!
Help me!
First time?
Of course it is! I'm a good kid!
Hey. relax.
Breathe.
Whoa.
Well? Isn't it great?
No!
It's bad. and I'm not
supposed to be up here.
Good day.
Thank you.
Good... good day. Again.
Grandma.
did you really go up to the...
Okay. everyone. This is. uh. smuca.
Yeah. He's in charge now. Got it?
- Wow.
- Aah!
That was hard to watch.
Here.
Come on.
Whoa.
Wait.
It feels like it's still there.
Yeah. that's called phantom tail.
You'll get used to it.
Right. Walking.
Don't worry. you're in luck.
I basically invented it.
To start. stack everything
one on top of the other.
Like a pile of rocks.
Great! I mean. fine. whatever.
Now. walking is just like swimming.
But without fins. Or a tail.
And also. there's no water.
Otherwise. it's like the exact same thing.
Give it a try.
That's not it. Try it again.
Oh. try to lead with your head.
No. more belly.
That's... that's lying on the ground.
How about this?
Just take a step without
even thinking about it.
No. no. no. don't think about it.
I don't know how to
not think about something.
Okay. okay. Watch.
Point your feet to where
you wanna go. Okay?
And then you just catch yourself
before you fall.
Yeah. that's right.
Heh.
Good. Good.
- Yes. Yes!
- I'm... I'm getting it!
Not bad. kid. Alberto scorfano.
Luca paguro.
It's a human thing. I'm kind of an expert.
What does it mean?
The thing you just said?
Come on. I'll show you some more stuff!
Mother-of-Pearl!
You live up here?
Yeah. Me and my dad.
He's not even here a whole lot.
so I pretty much just do whatever I want.
Isn't it dangerous?
Yeah. it's the best!
Everything good is above the surface.
Like. what else?
Air!
Gravity! Also known as falling!
The sky. Clouds. The sun.
Whoa. Don't look at it.
Just kidding. Definitely look at it.
And then. there's human stuff.
Whoa.
As you can see.
I've been collecting for a long time.
so ask me anything.
Whoa.
Yes. That's the magic
singing lady machine.
It's broken. unfortunately.
Whoa! You unbroke it!
Luca: What's that?
Oh. it's just the greatest thing
that humans ever made.
The Vespa.
- Whoa.
- You just sit on it.
and it takes you anywhere you wanna go.
In the whole stinkin' world!
Luca: "Vespa is freedom."
Huh?
\whoo-hoo-hoo.
Yeah!
Alberto: Pretty cool. right?
Uh... yeah.
Huh. Are you gonna make one?
I think you have all the parts.
I do have the parts.
I am gonna make one! You wanna help?
Me? Yeah! Wait! No. I can't.
- I gotta go home.
- Right this second?
Yeah. if my parents found out
I was up here...
Oof.
It would be bad. So. thank you. but...
Goodbye. Forever.
Okay. but now. I really do have to go.
Okay. Bye.
Seriously. I have to go.
like. now. Like. right now.
Okay. See ya.
It's even better than the picture.
Yeah. it is.
Gotta run.
Alberto: See ya tomorrow!
Luca! Where have you been?
Uh...
Luca: Don't say surface.
Don't say surface.
Surface.
What did you just say?
What's wrong with your foot?
Daniela: Luca.
- Oh. I... I...
- Gonna tell us where you were?
- Uh...
- It's my fault.
I sent him to look for sea cucumbers.
Right! Sorry. grandma.
I couldn't find them.
Maybe a little more important
than your snacks.
Thank you.
Whoa! How'd you get it down?
I rode it down.
- Uh...
- I didn't.
But I pushed it out the back window.
Took a while to put back together.
but it's fine now.
You ready to ride it?
Oh. well. thank you. but no thank you.
I mean. I just think maybe I would die.
Okay. I'll ride it. You hold the ramp.
Luca: Uh...
Sir. maybe we should sleep on it?
Alberto: Whatever you do. do not move!
I'm not the guy you want for this.
I'm more of an idea man...
Take me. gravity!
Um...
Ouch!
This is normal! Stay focused!
Don't move. don't move. don't move!
He's dead. I killed him!
Whoo-hoo!
- Wait. That was good?
- Alberto: Oh. my...
Did you see the height I got?
Hey. nice ramping.
Come on. let's build another one.
Alberto: Yahoo!
Huh? Huh?
Ow.
Alberto: Ha-ha!
\whoo-hoo!
Come on. Luca!
Whoa!
Huh.
What's wrong with you. stupido?
Alberto: Look. we gotta ride together.
If you don't sit on the back
and hold on to the front.
the whole thing falls apart.
Oh. And who's holding the ramp?
The turtle. Come on.
He's faster than he looks.
Oh. okay. Here we go.
You. uh. coming?
Nope. I can't do it.
Never in a million years.
Hey. hey. hey. I know your problem.
You've got a Bruno in your head.
A Bruno? Yeah.
I get one. too. sometimes.
"Alberto. you can't.”
"Alberto. you're gonna die."
"Alberto. don't put that in your mouth."
Luca. it's simple.
Don't listen to stupid Bruno.
Why is his name Bruno?
I don't care. It doesn't matter.
Call him whatever you want.
Shut him up. Say. "silenzio. Bruno.”
Silenzio. Bruno.
Louder! "“Silenzio. Bruno!"
- Silenzio. Bruno.
- "Silenzio. Bruno!"
Silenzio. Bruno!
- Can you still hear him?
- Nope! Just you!
Good! Now. hang on!
Andiamo!
Alberto: Yeah!
Silenzio. Bruno. Silenzio. Bruno.
Silenzio. Bruno.
Whoa. “Wow.
Uh-oh.
Whoo-hoo! Yeah!
Yes! We're alive! I can't believe it!
Take that. Bruno! Yes!
Luca: What are all those tiny lights?
Anchovies. They go there to sleep.
Really? Yeah.
And the big fish protects them.
I touched it once.
I don't know. it felt like a fish.
Wow.
Your life 1s so much cooler than mine.
I never go anywhere.
I just dream about it.
You came up here.
Thanks to you.
Otherwise. I never would've
seen any of this.
Have you ever gone to the human town?
Yeah!
Uh... no.
But. but my dad told me all about it.
So. I'm pretty much an expert.
Your dad sounds so cool.
You're lucky he lets you do what you want.
Yeah. For sure.
Hey. you remember that time
we almost hit that rock?
And we flew through the air.
and I was like. "yeah!"
And then you were like. "no!"
Wouldn't it be amazing
to have a real Vespa?
Yeah. That's the dream.
Yeah.
Luca: Whoo!
Oh. Luca. look!
_both: Whoal
wild vespas!
\whoo-hoo!
Luca. take over!
Yeah. man!
Come on. faster!
Yeah! Whoo-hoo-hoo-hoo!
\whoo-hoo!
Both: Whoa.
I'm doing it. Alberto! I'm doing it!
Alberto?
Oh. no! I fell asleep!
What?
Phew.
Uh...
Daniela. do we really need
to go through with this?
With what?
Uh. son. you're in big trouble.
You need to promise us
that you'll never sneak off
to the surface again.
Uh. I'm really sorry.
But. you know. it's not
that dangerous up there.
Maybe I could show you.
I told you. Our son has a death wish.
But. mom. we're always careful!
Both: "We"?
Me and my friend. Alberto.
But it's okay. He's one of us.
Ah. yes. There's usually a bad influence.
Good thing you sent for me
when you did. huh?
Luca. this is my brother. your uncle ugo.
Thanks again for coming all this way
on such short notice.
Of course.
Hello. Luca.
It's really nice to...
Luca. I need you to punch his heart.
That's right. The red thing. Punch it.
- Harder!
- Oh.
Thanks for that. Too much oxygen up here.
Not like the deep.
As you'll learn.
What?
Sure. there's no sunlight.
but there's nothing to see anyway.
Or do. It's just you and your thoughts.
and all the whale carcass you can eat.
Little bits of it
just float into your mouth.
You can't stop it.
You can't see it. So if you...
The mouth opened.
the whale carcass go in.
Yes. good. I recommend it.
Come on. No time to waste.
Mom. what does he mean?
You're going to stay with uncle ugo
for the rest of the season.
No. I can't!
Two seasons. then. Wanna go for three?
Why are you doing this?
The world is a very dangerous place. Luca.
and if I have to send you
to the bottom of the ocean
to keep you safe. so be it.
You don't know what it's like up there!
I know you. And I know
what's best for you.
It's done.
Hey. Look me in the eye.
You know I love you. right?
Luca: They're sending me to the deep!
To live with my weird see-through uncle!
- What do I do?
- Stay?
Up here? They'll come looking for me.
Okay. that may be true.
but will they come
looking for you over there?
No way. That's crazy.
I mean. that place must be full of vespas.
- There's gotta be one for us.
- Huh.
A real Vespa.
Could we even survive over there?
You and me? We can do anything.
We'd swim right over to vespatown.
track down signor Vespa.
wait. Do you really think
there's a signor Vespa?
Makes sense. right?
Yes. Continue.
And we say. "signor Vespa.
build us one of these!"
Whoa. This is the greatest
drawing I've ever seen.
Yeah. I know. Luca. think about it.
Every day. we'll ride someplace new.
and every night.
we'll sleep under the fish.
No one to tell us what to do.
Just you and me out there.
Free.
Alberto: Whoo-hoo!
Take me. gravity!
Silenzio. Bruno.
\whoo-hoo!
Alberto: Yeah!
Alberto: Come on!
Ha-ha!
Yeah! Whoo!
Whoa.
Papa. what's that?
How do we get in?
This will be a breeze.
- Just don't get wet.
- Uh...
Actually. this town seems
a little crowded.
Hey! Silenzio. Bruno.
What's wrong with you. stupido?
Man: Huh?
- Huh! It worked.
- See?
You just gotta follow my lead.
Classic human town. Pretty cool. right?
Hey. you do it now. Just say the thing.
Both: Mmm.
Madams.
what's wrong with you. stupido?
Maybe I said it wrong?
Mmm. Mmm!
Wow!
Mmm!
Alberto. this is too dangerous.
Let's get out of here.
And go where?
“Whoa.
It's signor Vespa!
Mannaggia! Here we go.
Oh. mamma Mia! Please. no more revving.
Ciao! Ciao!
Beep. beep!
Pride of portorosso coming through!
- Ciao. belle!
- Woman: Hmm. blech!
You're making me blush.
And now. who wants to watch me
eat a big sandwich? Hmm?
There it is.
That's how we're gonna see the world.
Hey. little help?
Kid 1: Huh? Kid 2: Hmm?
Oh. mamma Mia!
Talk to ercole. Are you hurt?
Well. my head kinda hurts...
Not you. ciccio! Out of the way!
Oh. piccolina. if there is
so much as a scratch...
Someone got lucky today. Hmm?
Who got lucky?
Mm-hmm. Out-of-towners. eh?
Let me welcome you.
Ciccio?
I am delighted to meet you.
number one and number two.
I love your stylish clothes.
Where did you get them?
A dead body?
Dead body.
I'm kidding.
Uh... look. signor Vespa...
Signor Vespa?
This guy funny. hmm?
I am ercole visconti.
Five-time winner of the portorosso cup.
The portorosso what?
The portorosso cup!
How do you think
I paid for my beautiful Vespa?
Hey. stop looking.
She's too beautiful for you.
I. uh...
I love it.
The little guy can't even get a word out.
Oof. And he smells like behind
the pescheria.
Hey. my friend smells amazing.
Sorry. sorry. I'll make it up to him.
Ciccio. guido.
What are you doing?
- Alberto: Luca!
- Alberto!
Ah. just a little bath.
- Luca: Oh. no. no. no!
- It's funny.
Huh?
- No!
- Huh?
Hey! Ercole. basta!
Oh. look who's here. Spewlia.
Wow.
That's how you're training for the race?
Your reign of terror is
- coming to an end!
- Ercole: "Coming to an end."
You mean like a year ago?
When you quit in the middle of the race?
Because you couldn't stop
throwing up?
I didn't quit. They made me stop.
I think that is worse. Now. go away.
I'm having fun with my new friends.
They're coming with me.
Hop on. I could use the extra weight.
Fine. Go start a club. For losers!
Maggiore! Another sighting.
In the harbor. this time.
I know. We are setting up a reward.
Someone's gonna win a nice prize.
Me! Me! I win the prizes.
Ciccio!
Get your daddy's harpoon!
We're gonna catch a sea monster.
Si!
Sto imbecille thinks he can be a jerk
'cause he keeps winning the race.
which he shouldn't even
get to do anymore.
'cause he's too old
and too much of a jerk!
You know. we underdogs
have to look out for each other. right?
What's under the dogs?
Underdogs.
You know. kids who are different.
dressed weird.
or a little sweatier than average.
Uh...
Too much? Too much.
So. are you in town for the race?
The portorosso cup?
Well. good talk.
I gotta deliver these.
Always be training. you know?
We should ask her
about this portorosso cup race.
That's how the loud scary human said
he got his Vespa.
Giulial
oh!
- Uh. grazie.
- Ciao.
Hey. uh. spewlia?
Giulia. My name is giulia.
Okay. When you race in a cup.
what do you get?
Soldi. Prize money.
Oh.
Okay.
- No. no! Keep going!
- What? Why?
Ask her about the prize money!
But that stuff is useless.
- Maybe that becomes a Vespa.
- How does that become...
- Just ask her!
- Fine. fine. fine.
- Hello again.
- Ciao.
Can we turn the money into something else?
- Something like...
- That.
Pfft. No. But it could get you that.
Both: Whoo-hoo!
It's so beautiful.
Yes. we need it.
Great. so we'll just win the race.
You'll have to beat ercole.
Okay. so we'll beat ercole.
Huh. Really?
Thinks he'll beat ercole.
this guy.
First of all. get in line!
Every summer. that jerk
makes my life miserable.
So. no one's taking him down
unless it's me!
Second. this isn't any old race.
It's an epic. grueling.
traditional Italian triathlon.
Swimming. cycling. and eating pasta.
So. you'd need a teammate.
Well. we'll figure it out.
Thanks. human girl.
Hey. hey. wait. Wait. Alberto.
What if we join her team?
Giulia: Grazie! Arrivederci!
Hmm. Better idea.
Hey. spew... girl!
Santa mozzarella.
Congratulations. you're joining our team.
I race alone.
But we could be under the dogs. too.
Hey. it's okay. Luca.
She'd rather do
the whole race alone again.
Maybe this time
she won't throw up as much.
Uh. hang on.
You wanna be on my team. eh?
Let's see what you got.
All right. try jumping onto it.
No. no. no.
You gotta show it you're the boss!
Santa mozzarella.
- Eyes up.
- Luca: Huh?
Looking down is what's making you fall.
Luca: Whoa.
Whoa. I'm doing it.
So. can we be on the team?
Can you dodge obstacles?
What if an old lady crosses your path?
Can you withstand
passive-aggressive verbal assaults?
"Nice bike.
number one and number two.
"I was kidding.
"Your bike is a disgrace."
Finally. can you handle
the course's fiendishly difficult terrain?
Silenzio. Bruno.
Hmm.
Stop. What about you?
Can you swim at least?
Yeah. I'm amazingly
bad at swimming.
You can't swim.
you can barely ride a bike.
I mean. where are you even from?
We're not telling you our secrets!
- We're runaways.
- Runaways?
I don't know. ragazzi...
Please?
My family was gonna send me
somewhere horrible.
Away from everything I love.
But if we win this race. well.
we can be free.
My life's great. I'm just helping him out.
Hmm.
Just give me one more chance.
No.
You guys want it just as bad as I do.
You have the hunger.
That's the most important thing.
I'm definitely hungry.
Perfetto! You eat. you bike. and I swim.
Giulia: Underdogs?
Alberto and Luca: Underdogs.
Now we just need money for the entry fee.
From my dad.
All right. just let me do the talking
and act casual.
He doesn't do well with fear.
Hey. papa! I brought
some friends for dinner.
Is there enough for four?
“Whoa.
What's wrong with you. stu...
What do you think he kills with those?
Massimo: Anything that swims.
Hai visto il giornale today?
That photo is a fake. papa.
Everyone in portorosso
pretends to believe in sea monsters.
Alberto: Huh.
Massimo: Well. I'm not pretending.
Huh?
Slipped.
En.
Both: Phew!
Massimo: Dinner's ready.
Trenette al Pesto.
Mmm!
Uh...
Luca: Mmm!
Okay.
Where did you boys say you were from?
They're. uh.
classmates. From genova.
Luca and. uh...
Alberto. Alberto.
And what brings you to portorosso?
Giulia: Oh. Uh...
Funny you should ask.
They came for the race.
The race?
Yeah.
Uh. you know what? Don't worry about it.
"Don't worry about it"?
Mm-hmm. Don't worry about it.
Massimo: Giulietta. A word.
I don't want you doing the race again.
You get so upset.
Papa. per favore. I have a team now.
There's also the entry fee.
Money is tight.
I'll work double shifts at the pescheria.
Whatever you need.
I can't sell what I don't have.
What I need is more fish in my net.
Luca: Um. excuse me?
We could help.
You know fish?
Oh. we? We know lots of fish.
- Massimo: Huh.
- Can this face lose?
You want to work? I'll put you to work.
Really?
Oh. grazie. papa.
Machiavelli! Don't you...
No! Machiavelli!
I'm so sorry about the cat.
I don't know what got into him.
It's fine. We're gonna head back to. uh...
Ohl
do you guys need a place to stay?
Cool.
Oops! Sorry. This is my...
Your hideout.
Huh. Yeah. My hideout.
Buonanotte. boys.
Whoa!
Slipped.
Uh. see you in the morning.
- That was close.
- I know.
Like. how big was that dad human?
That guy kills things. for sure.
I thought we were gonna die.
like. a hundred times.
Hey. relax.
We're incredible at this humaning stuff.
Yeah. You're right.
Did you see me on the bike?
Giulia said. "look up."
and then all of a sudden. I was riding it.
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
Our Vespa's gonna be
even better than a bike. though.
Because the moment we get it.
we're outta here.
I can't wait.
How could my mother tell him
about this town of bloodthirsty lunatics?
I still can't believe he would do this.
It's not like him.
Just keep your guard up.
There's gonna be land monsters everywhere.
- Daniela! Ooh! Wait! Ow! Ow!
- No! Not today. land monster!
- It's me!
- Oh!
You scared the scales off of me!
Jeez. you're strong!
I'm sorry. I'm just a little on edge.
No. I needed that. It really woke me up.
Wow! We look horrifying.
Ugh. gross.
Come on. Let's find our son.
Oh. no! Oh. no!
Alberto! Wake up!
What? Ahh! The sky's been leaking!
Hmm. Uh...
Oh. There you are!
Buongiorno.
All right. ragazzi.
You want that entry fee.
you got to earn it.
- Giulietta...
- I'm on it!
- You make the deliveries.
- Already makin' 'em! Ciao!
Hmm. You two are coming with me.
Luca: Oh.
Which knife do I get? Huh? Huh?
You don't.
Tommaso: Buongiorno. massimo!
You'll keep an eye out
for those sea monsters. right?
We're all counting on you.
Don't worry. tommaso.
I've got my eyes peeled.
They won't get away.
Hey. this isn't a joyride.
Make yourselves useful.
Uh...
Massimo: Hey.
no goofing around back there.
A sea monster ate it.
Huh? What?
Ma. no.
This is how I came into the world.
Whoa.
Mannaggia. not a great catch today.
It might be because we're
over a haunted fish graveyard.
We know it's not haunted.
The fish think it's haunted.
This time of day. most fish
will be right about there.
Massimo: Hmm.
Both: Ciao. giulia.
Giulia: Ciao.
Ha-ha!
New personal best!
Santo pecorino.
Alberto: Shoo! Shoo!
Your friends do know fish.
Benissimo!
Ooh. let's go sign up.
Okay. Okay.
Now. what's our plan? Think. Daniela.
Hey. everything's always on you.
I wanna step up.
- Uh... you sure?
- Oh. yeah. I got this.
Oh. hello there. young man.
- You're not fooling anyone.
- Lorenzo. eh-eh.
Did you really think
you could get away with this?
- Renzo...
- You thought we wouldn't find you?
- Well. guess what?
- I don't think...
It's time for us to go home.
Let that be a lesson to you!
Go. go. go! Run before
its mother gets here!
It turns out I don't got this.
No. but I do. I'll know my son when I...
See him.
Ah. sharks.
Grazie. papa!
Come on. we'd better hurry.
Alberto: Okay.
Woman: Fellow portorossans!
It is I. giorgio giorgioni!
Slayer of sea monsters
and beloved purveyor of pasta!
Slayer of sea monsters?
Ah. that's just signora marsigliese.
She works for the sponsor for the race.
This is gonna take forever.
The finest pasta in liguria
at a price every family can afford.
Get to the rules!
Enthusiasm. Love to see it.
To win my famous race.
your team must be the first to brave
the treacherous waters of the bay.
devour a mystery bowl
of my delicious pasta.
and ride to the top
of mount portorosso and back!
That all sounds pretty hard.
Yeah. Hard to lose. We're going to win.
I love your confidence.
But don't forget. we're going
to have to go through...
Champion coming through.
- Giulia: Ugh.
- Ciao. ciao! Hey!
Ercole.
Aren't you a little old. ercole?
Signora! I am 16.
You said that last year.
But this year. it's true.
You might want to
save your money. ragazzi.
This year. ercole's gonna
break the record
and make it six in a row.
Oh. no. I don't believe it.
Spewlia. you teamed up
with these vagrants?
Ignore him.
Oh. I wish for you that you could.
I'm afraid your friends still need to pay
the out-of-town weirdo tax.
Hey! Ercole!
You have to give it back!
Ercole doesn't have to do anything.
He's the portorosso cup champion.
number one.
And number two.
his life is amazing
and everyone loves him.
They don't love you.
They're afraid of you.
Raise your hand if you love me.
See? Everyone.
Even you. Bop!
Oh. that's it. Come on. Luca.
Hey! The vagrants want to fight.
Wow!
- Alberto?
- Silenzio. Bruno.
Remember. this is for our Vespa.
- Stop.
- A Vespa?
Trash like you can't ride vespas.
Ercole. you're just afraid
we're gonna put an end to your
- evil empire of injustice.
- "Evil empire of injustice."
Got anything new?
Yeah. Here's a new one.
You look like a. uh... uh...
- A catfish.
- A catfish!
Crowd: Huh?
Uh. they're bottom-feeders.
and they also have
two sad little whiskers.
Shut up!
Listen. piccoletto.
I eat kids like you for breakfast.
I dunk them in my cioccolata and...
Finiti!
So. here. sign up. Mm?
I'll make it my mission to destroy you.
It's gonna be some race. huh?
Sorry. no autographs today.
You can put your hand down.
Ha-ha! Luca! Bravo. we did it!
Giulia marcovaldo.
Ciao. giulia. Team of one?
Not today.
Luca paguro. Alberto scorfano.
Giulia: Okay. ragazzi.
we have one week to train.
I got this.
Wait. what?
Every year they change the pasta.
You have to be ready for anything.
Could be cannelloni. penne.
fusilli. trofie. even lasagne.
And you have to use a forchelta.
It's the rule.
Ugh! Rules are for rule people.
Holy carp. No. I can't.
I know. I know.
And remember. piccoletto...
Forza. Luca. don't let him get
in your head. You can do this.
Okay. Silenzio. Bruno. Here we go.
I can't!
I guess that's how humans swim?
Ugh. that's embarrassing.
Any sea monsters?
No. But I see some bait.
Giulia: Oh. no! It's ercole! Go. go!
Alberto: Luca! Faster. faster!
Luca: Why aren't we moving?
Ercole?
- Guido!
- L... I slipped.
Ciccio. slap guido.
Again. Like you mean it.
Huh?
Hmm. Where did the other one go?
- Eh?
- Giulia: Ercole!
Whoa!
Giulia! It is wool. It cannot get wet!
Ciccio. make it dry. subito!
Giulia: Luca? Alberto?
Are you okay?
- Um...
- We're good! Good. good. good.
Giulia: Well. I think that's
enough training for today.
- Luca: Yeah. Agreed.
- Yup.
Ah. ciccio! The motor!
They are slowly getting away!
Guido. slap ciccio.
With contempt!
- Kid: Huh?
- Hmm.
Hey!
Kick it.
Ohl
I have an idea.
Uh-uh. Honey?
Hey. guys! Can I play. too?
Oops. sorry!
I'm not used to legs.
Oh. Okay.
Get the ball!
Come and get it!
Uh-uh!
Not our kid. not our kid.
Ha-hal
let's see Bianca branzino do that!
Giulia: Good effort. team.
You've earned your pasta tonight.
Alberto:
Can I please eat with my hands?
Daniela: Where could he be?
Lorenzo: Well. at least you won. I think.
Yeah. I guess I did.
Come on. We just gotta keep looking.
Uh...
Alberto? I think
I might've seen my parents.
No way. I told you.
they're not coming here.
But what if they did?
They're gonna send me to the deep.
Listen. relax. It's never gonna happen.
All right. boys.
Pretty good today.
but let's talk technique.
Hey. ragazzi! I need some help
with the nets.
You. The big. strong one.
- Andiamo.
- I'll be right back.
Hey. we're gonna win.
And you'll get your Vespa.
Why do you want a Vespa. again?
Oh. Because it'll be amazing.
Every day. me and Alberto
are gonna ride someplace new.
And every night.
we'll sleep under the fish.
The fish? Good.
How about you?
What'll you do when you win?
I'll get up in front of everyone
and say. "told you I'd win!"
Yeah.
And then what?
Well. that's it.
Look. during school.
I live with my mamma in genova.
And every summer. I come here.
and everyone thinks
I'm just some weird kid
who doesn't belong.
I think I know how you feel.
Right? That's why we gotta win.
The town will cheer our names.
Ercole's life will be ruined!
Sorry. Too much?
My mom says sometimes I'm too much.
No way. Not for me.
You know those aren't fish. right?
Of course they are.
Alberto told me all about it.
Come with me.
_
This is a telescope.
Old man bernardi lets me use it.
It makes faraway things seem close. Look.
Giulia: See any fish?
Then what are all those?
Stars. Like the sun.
Giant. raging balls of fire!
So. Alberto was wrong.
And stars are circled by planets.
Look.
That's saturno. It's my favorite.
It's the lightest of the planets.
They say if there was an ocean
big enough to hold it.
it would float in it!
Whoa!
Wow!
Giulia: Come on. Luca!
Luca: So. this is how machines fly?
Giulia: Si.
Luca: And there are big towns
called cities?
Giulia: Si.
Like even bigger than portorosso?
Like genova! Literally 20 times bigger.
And we're all on a big round rock.
floating around a star
in the "solar system"?
So cool. right?
And is there anything
beyond the solar system?
Only a galaxy full of solar systems.
- Then what?
- A universe full of galaxies!
And then what?
And then...
I don't know.
But next year in advanced astronomy.
I'm gonna use my school's telescope.
So. maybe I'll find out.
That thing's huge.
I wish I could show it to you.
Just promise you'll tell me
everything you see!
Sorry. Too much?
Never.
Hey. Luca. I've been looking
everywhere for you.
- Luca: Oh. sorry.
- Just come on. Let's go.
Could I maybe borrow this?
Just for tonight.
Giulia: You can have it.
Ha-ha!
The universe is literally yours!
Wow. Thank youl!
Lucal
Luca: Okay.
Luca: Where are we going?
Alberto: Come on.
I got something to show you.
Hey. you won't believe this.
Those aren't fish.
What? Yeah.
Giulia explained it to me.
They're fires.
But. like. one million times bigger.
Uh. no. they're not.
Soon you'll be ours. sweet Vespa.
Take a look.
I thought of every
single thing we're gonna need.
Also. I added flames.
That's so cool!
Oh! And we can bring
a telescope. too!
Yeah! That shoots lightning!
Luca: No. no. no.
You look through it.
Giulia says there's an even
bigger one at her school.
Wait. What if we visit her there?
Why would you wanna do that?
It kinda sounds interesting.
The whole reason we're getting a Vespa
is to live on our own.
We don't need school.
We don't need anybody.
Couldn't we just try it?
Just for a few days?
Luca. sea monsters can't go to school.
What do you think is gonna happen
when they see your fish face?
Ercole: Hey. look who it is.
And with no giulia to hide behind.
- Come on. Let's go.
- No.
Something's fishy with you two.
I mean. besides the smell.
You're hiding something.
Is it that we're smarter than you?
I mean. we're not really hiding that.
It's just kind of obvious.
You know. people think I'm a nice guy.
Always joking around.
But really. I'm not.
- Stop!
- Wait your turn. piccoletto.
I want to make myself very clear.
This is my town.
number one...
And number two. I don't want you in it.
I said stop!
Put that down. piccoletto.
You'll hurt yourself.
Luca: Let him go!
Go. Now. Before I change my mind.
Nobody wants you here. idiot!
Keep running!
Why did you make him mad?
We should've left.
No. no. no. We're fine.
I had it under control.
All you gotta do
is follow my lead. remember?
Rise and shine!
Go. go! Go. Alberto! Go!
Nope. Whoa...
Massimo: Buongiorno!
Massimo: Sea monster!
Whew.
Oh.
Daniela: Wha...
Lorenzo: Ugo?
Rise and shine!
Only two days till the race.
Hmm.
Espresso.
Go. Luca!
Go. go!
Hey. don't cheer for him!
Ha-ha! Whoo!
This is fun!
Uh...
Massimo: Hmm.
Mm?
Huh. Hey!
That's amazing!
Luca: Oh. wow!
I don't know. Lorenzo.
Was I too hard on him?
No. You were just trying
to keep him safe.
It's my fault.
I wasn't paying enough attention to him.
But I was the one who tried
to send him away.
I just never in a million years
would have thought he'd do this.
It's like I don't even know...
Giulia: You can do it. Luca!
Who he is!
Giulia: Go. go!
Daniela: Luca! Lorenzo: Luca!
Daniela: Luca. stop!
Lucal
where are we going?
Uh... a shortcut.
Steeper. rough terrain... I like it.
Why aren't you training?
I'm always training.
Bravo. Luca. That was your fastest yet.
Ooh. guys. look!
That's the train to genova.
Luca: That goes to your school?
Yeah.
I was wondering. actually.
is your school open to everyone?
Well. it costs a little money.
but I guess.
Great. Thank you. giulia.
for showing us the boring thing
that takes us to the terrible place.
Now. can we focus on what matters?
If we lose this race.
we're not going anywhere.
Santa mozzarella. The downhill.
I know it looks scary.
But here's what you need to know...
Would you stop bossing him around?
What is your problem?
I'm his friend. I know what he needs.
Oh. yeah?
Well. then. what does he need?
Me. We'll just ride it
like we did on the island. Together.
- Andiamo.
- No!
Alberto. stop!
That's Bruno talking!
Luca: No! I'm pretty sure that's just me!
- Stop. Alberto!
- Let it go!
Luca: Look out!
Porca paletta. what was that?
Ciccio: Huh?
Bah! Not now. ciccio! Eyes on the water!
- Move. move!
- Okay.
Giulia: Oh. no! Luca! Alberto!
She'll see us. Come on!
Look. I was just trying to
show you how to do it right.
You don't know how to do it right!
I got us down the hill. didn't I?
You crashed! Into the sea!
Alberto: It's fine.
Nothing's fine! My parents just saw me!
Luca. your parents aren't here.
You don't know what you're talking about!
Look. this town is making you crazy.
We just need to win that Vespa
and get outta here.
It's not gonna be any different.
I don't wanna...
I wanna go to school.
That again? We can't go to school.
You're just afraid you can't do it.
I'm not afraid.
You're the one who gets afraid.
Shut up!
Ow!
What happens when she sees you?
When anyone sees you?
Get off me!
Giulia: You're alive!
Hey! You're never allowed
on my bike again.
Stick to food. big guy.
Uh. what's going on?
Nothing. Let's just get back to training.
Actually. we have something to ask you.
We were wondering
if we could come with you to your school?
Santo pecorino! That's the best idea ever!
Yes! Of course!
Uh. giulia. your school.
does it take all kinds of people?
I mean. what if some of them
were not human?
Alberto...
What if some were. oh.
I don't know. sea monsters?
Sea monsters?
I doubt your school would even
accept sea monsters. right?
Ah. that's a weird joke. Alberto.
Yeah. I know. it's kinda hard to imagine.
So. let me just show you!
No!
- Come on.
- Giulia. wait!
We don't have time to goof around.
Huh?
Help!
Don't hurt us!
- See? I knew this would...
- Sea monster!
Did you hear that? This way.
Luca?
Stay back!
Sea monster! There it is!
Ragazzi. now!
No!
Ah. idiot. you let it get away!
To the boat!
We're gonna kill a sea monster!
Oh. there you are. I made your favorite.
trenette al Pesto.
Where's Alberto?
Uh. he left. signor marcovaldo.
Do you know where he went?
No. But I don't think
he wants anyone looking for him.
Maybe not. But just in case.
Okay.
Well. the two of us can still do the race.
You'll swim. you'll eat.
you've done both before...
- Luca. I...
- __and I'll do the ride.
I mean. that's allowed. right?
- Luca. Luca?
- It should be fine.
- we're still okay...
- Luca!
Sleeping under the fish.
Now I get it.
Uh. I can explain.
Of all the places
for sea monsters to visit.
portorosso?
Have you seen this town?
My father hunts sea monsters!
Luca. you have to get out of here.
But I thought we were underdogs.
Do you think I want you to leave?
This is the happiest I've...
Look. it's just not worth it.
You don't understand.
No. I don't.
Risking your life for a Vespa?
My parents were gonna send me away.
That's why we did all of this.
But it's over now.
Goodbye. giulia.
I'm sorry.
Alberto?
What are you doing here?
I'm...
I'm sorry.
I... I never should've done that.
I wish I could take it back.
Yeah. whatever. You're sorry.
Now. just go away!
Luca: Alberto?
What are those marks on the wall?
Tell me what they mean.
I started when my dad left.
You were living here alone
for that many days?
I just stopped counting after a while.
He said I was old enough to be on my own.
I just thought that...
Maybe he'd change his mind.
Honestly. though. I get it.
He's better off without me.
You are. too.
That's not true.
Alberto: Yes. it is.
You're not like me. You're the good kid.
And I'm just
the kid that ruins everything.
Silenzio. Bruno. That's just
the dumb voice in your head.
You taught me that.
And getting a Vespa? Seeing the world...
Just let it go! Okay?
Look. you and I
should've never been friends
in the first place.
Luca: Don't say that.
- Alberto?
- Get outta here!
I'm not gonna tell you again.
Okay. I'll go.
I'll go win the race.
- What?
- Luca: Yeah.
Yeah! And then the Vespa will be ours!
And we'll ride away together!
Luca. that's crazy.
Well. maybe I'm crazy.
Take me. gravity!
Alberto: Luca!
Ow.
What are you doing?
I'm okay. I'll be back tomorrow.
I'm gonna fix this!
You want to split up your team?
Yes. If it's allowed.
Luca? What are you doing here?
Don't worry. I'll race on my own.
You can if you want.
but I don't recommend it.
But how are you gonna...
I mean. what happens when the...
You can't swim!
Alone again?
Daniella: Hmm.
- Ah. volunteers...
- Huh?
- You're late.
One cup for each kid.
Ohl
- yeah. One cup per kid.
- Lorenzo: Yes.
- Got it.
- Here.
For when giulia. you know. she...
Ciccio. hold still. Olio d'Oliva.
He will cut through the water
like a knife.
- Oh! Ah.
- An oily knife.
Huh?
Kids: Huh?
This makes me laugh.
I guess even your terrible friends
don't want to be friends.
Luca! This is a very bad idea!
Hey. vagrant!
Can't afford a proper swimsuit?
Signore e signori.
the portorosso cup is about to begin!
We know there's been
a few sightings lately.
but fear not!
If any sea monsters show up today.
we are ready for them.
Marsigliese: Swimmers. take your Mark!
Ow! Ow! Owl
what?
Swim. cicciol come on!
Swim!
Ha-ha! Trenette!
Come on!
- Thank you.
- Don't thank me.
Stop crying and tag guido! /lmbecille!
Andiamo! Run. run!
Finito!
Per Mille cavoli. guido! Faster!
Eat. idiota! Piu veloce!
Hey. that's not allowed.
He's done!
Done!
Whoa.
But he's gotta be here somewhere.
Thirsty? Water. anyone?
- Please. don't!
- Kid: Not again!
That's him. That's him!
Luca. stop!
Sorry. mom! Sorry. dad! I have to do this!
Get back here right now!
Wow. He's fast.
_girl: What?
Oops! Scusa.
I'll catch you on the... downhill!
Spewlia. you never even
made it to the downhill.
What?
Impossibile! He's cheating!
Arbitro! Arbitro!
Huh?
No. no. no!
Lorenzo: Ooh.
Oh. not now! Come on. come on!
I'm so close!
Voice: Luca!
Just stay right there!
Alberto.
I'm coming for you!
What's wrong. piccoletto?
Afraid of a little rain?
Alberto: Hey! Ercole: Huh?
For the last time.
you two don't belong here.
Get out of my town!
Sea monster! Right there!
Huh?
Mamma Mia!
Ciccio! My harpoon! Veloce!
- Luca: Alberto...
- No. stop! Just stay there.
You're still okay.
- Andiamo!
- Alberto. wait!
No!
Ercole: What?
Whoa! You really are crazy!
Learned it from you!
Let's get to the water!
No! Cicciol
here it is.
Hey there.
Excuse us.
Out of the way! Via. via!
Ercole: Ha-hal!
Lucal
Luca: Sorry!
Oh. no! Luca! Lorenzo: Son!
You should've left when I told you.
Now. I gotta kill some sea monsters!
So long. evil empire of injustice.
No!
_giulial
Mostri marini! Give me that!
Giulia. Are you all right?
Yeah. Yeah. I'm... I'm okay.
Thanks. guys.
Giulietta?
Papal! I...
Man: Look at that!
You're not going anywhere. Come on.
I saw them first! The reward is mine!
We're not afraid of you!
No. but we're afraid of you.
Everyone is horrified
and disgusted by you.
because you are monsters.
Stop! They are not monsters.
Oh. yeah? Who are they. then?
Massimo: I know who they are.
They are Luca and Alberto.
and...
They are the winners.
Lucal - let us through!
- What?
- Really?
They can't be the winners.
They are not even people!
Signora marsigliese?
Technically. legally.
yes. they won.
We won?
Who cares if they won?
They are sea monsters.
Andiamo. “Woman: Hmm.
What? Come on!
- Hey!
- Giulia: Hal!
Ciccio! Guido! Another harpoon.
Ah. idioti! Be useful for once
in your pathetic lives.
- Guido.
- Ciccio.
Oops.
No. piccolino.
It's over. the reign of terror.
It's finally over!
Daniela: Luca! Lorenzo: Luca!
You had us worried half to death.
and you must never do that again!
Luca: I'm sorry.
And you raced your little tail off
and kicked so much human butt!
And I'm so proud of you.
and I am so mad at you!
I love you. mom.
Son.
Signore e signori.
the winners of this year's portorosso cup.
the underdogs.
Wow.
Wow. Yeah!
Luca: I can't believe we won!
Alberto: We won!
Giulia: Yes! Underdogs!
Man: Ugh.
- Give me that!
- Here.
Giulia: We did it!
Boy: They won!
Feast your eyes on the greatest Vespa
the world has ever seen!
Perfect.
Daniela: Mmm.
- Massimo: Signora.
- Grazie.
Mom! What are you doing here?
I come to town most weekends.
You're not gonna catch me!
- Underdogs forever!
Alberto: Whoo-hoo!
What he did today was amazing.
But we can't let him stay in this world.
Can we?
Some people. they'll never accept him.
But some will.
And he seems to know
how to find the good ones.
So. where will you go first?
We're gonna stick around here for a bit.
We gotta fix this thing up
before we take it across the entire earth.
Okay. Just don't forget to pack.
Santo gorgonzola!
I need to pack! For school!
Oh. yeah. school.
You're gonna learn so much.
Um. I can leave you some books.
You can?
Come on. Alberto!
And you have your lunch for the train?
- Si.
- Sweater? If it gets cold?
For the millionth time. si.
I love you. too. papa.
Santa mozzarella. we did it.
Well. giulia.
can't wait to race next summer.
Or we could just have fun.
Ciao. giulia.
Well. let's go fix up our Vespa.
Yeah. about that. Uh...
It's a crazy thing. I might have sold it.
Daniela: Luca?
Mom? What are you all doing here?
If you promise to write to us
every single day
and be as safe as possible.
and I mean safer than safe.
you can go to school.
I can?
It's all arranged. actually.
You'd stay with giulia and her mom.
Your friend talked them into it.
It wasn't easy.
Luca. do you promise?
Yes! Yes. I promise!
Thank you.
Oh. Just remember.
we are always here for you.
Okay?
Hey. Look me in the eye.
You know I love you. right?
I know.
Come on. Alberto. The train's gonna leave.
Where's your stuff?
Yeah. well. you see...
You are coming. right?
Um. I would. but massimo asked
if I wanted to stick around.
Move in maybe. And I just thought. uh...
I think he needs me. You know?
I can't do it without you.
Alberto: But you're never without me.
The next time that you jump off a cliff
or tell Bruno to quit bothering you.
that's me.
But how am I gonna know you're okay?
You got me off the island. Luca.
I'm okay.
Seriously. what does that mean?
No idea. Go find out for me. will ya?
Go. Luca!
Gol
yeah! Whoo-hoo!
Some people think
I'm mad to live in the deep.
I think that they are the ones
who are mad.
not me the one who is mad. it's them.
It's a nice life. simple life.
It's away from the hustle and bustle.
all the stuff that you don't want.
Mmm. Whale carcass.
Anyway. you're gonna have fun.
You'll get to hear me talk.
I can talk without stopping.
sometimes for maybe 12 hours.
And you get to listen. so you're lucky.
Well done.